what school was good back up in the
building tree boy DJ Dells brand-new
review here we got the LeBron of that
van right here the color way a lot of
abbreviation so just check it out real
quick here's a look at the box well the
box says that are interested check it
out check it out and and let's get into
the shoes all right so let's get into
this detailed review on these LeBron old
weapons as you can see the hopper is
black on your armor posit and your hyper
fuse technology you can see you got your
fly wire in this red color as you can
see right there by the laces and then
you got your swoosh in this bluish color
you got your swoosh by the toe and it's
diamond cutting it up over here which I
liked your black and red laces mesh
tongue there's a look at the logo and
then you've got your 11 up top it's a
pretty plain colorway but it's nice but
it's definitely a plain color so look at
the bottom get your hits over here blue
black shank plate with your signature
right there let me know what you think
of these guess we'll do like a hot or
not with this one to let me know if
you're gonna be picking them up
it's giving you some different angles
it's a cool-looking shoe though these
are gonna look good on feet I think this
is a good shoe for the season as far as
the colorway go with a look on feet let
me know what you think as far as the fit
I would say stay true to size and go up
half the size I actually like to go up
half the size on these and I'm one of
them guys I'd like to break in their
sneakers I usually wear nine but nine
and a half is great on feet so that's my
opinion on them let me know what you
think though hit thumbs up bunny if you
love what I'm doing share this video
Facebook Twitter Google+ show that love
these comments in the box and with that
said let me hit you with that the birds
there you go with your detailed look at
the upcoming LeBron 11 hidden retailers
really soon for 200 hours make sure to
hit the thumbs up button if you love
when I'm doing check out my blog for
your sneaker those the sneaker adhikam
update the morning noon and night like
clockwork before your news and what's
going on in the sneaker world sparse
release dates like these right here and
also restock information and more the
sneaker outta calm catch up on all the
reviews check the description box below
for a bunch of links to reviews you're
gonna want to check out like for
instance these right here you want to
check out the review on these these
right here you want to check out the
review on these blue prints adidas right
here these are real hot keep the upper
it's made out of actual blue print
material craziness you also want to
check out the review on these to chain
Adidas shoes right here these are real
sick the quality of these is out of here
and more definitely also check out the
infrared six reviews that episode is
sick right there alright make sure to do
all that follow my Instagram team DJ
tails and also make sure to follow my
twitter which is the snake addict and
with that said I'll be back Rilla Rilla
geesh